PR for issues/2119 (#2121)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 1-js/02-first-steps/05-types/article.md

As `BigInt` numbers are rarely needed, we don't cover them here, but devoted them a separate chapter <info:bigint>. Read it when you need such big numbers.

```smart header="Compatibility issues"
Right now, `BigInt` is supported in Firefox/Chrome/Edge/Safari, but not in IE.
```

> You can check [*Can I Use* BigInt compatibility table](https://caniuse.com/bigint) to know which versions of a browser are supported.

Reviewer: Use MDN compatibility table instead of Caniuse. Caniuse is not inaccurate. but may confuse users? See https://github.com/Fyrd/caniuse/pull/5613#issuecomment-694764055 for more details.

```suggestion
You can check [*MDN* BigInt compatibility table](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt#Browser_compatibility) to know which versions of a browser are supported.
```

As `BigInt` numbers are rarely needed, we don't cover them here, but devoted them a separate chapter <info:bigint>. Read it when you need such big numbers.

```smart header="Compatibility issues"

> Right now `BigInt` is supported in the latest version Firefox/Chrome/Edge and Safari with iOS 14, but not in IE.

Reviewer: I think we don't need to mention Safari's version, as we don't mention it for others too. Instead, they can look it up in caniuse or MDN. What do you think?

```suggestion
Right now `BigInt` is supported in Firefox/Chrome/Edge/Safari, but not in IE.
```

```

> [More Details](https://caniuse.com/?search=bigint) about BigInt compatibility.

Reviewer: I think there is no need to mention Safari's version, we don't mention it for others. If someone wants to know more, they can look it in MDN or caniuse. Also, link to caniuse should be inside code block. What do you think?

```
Right now, `BigInt` is supported in Firefox/Chrome/Edge/Safari, but not in IE.

You can check [*Can I Use* BigInt compatibility table](https://caniuse.com/bigint) to know which versions of a browser are supported.
```

> [More Details](https://caniuse.com/?search=bigint) about BigInt compatibility.

Reviewer: I think there is no need to mention Safari's version, we don't mention it for others. If someone wants to know more, they can look it in MDN or caniuse. Also, link to caniuse should be inside code block. What do you think?

```
Right now, `BigInt` is supported in Firefox/Chrome/Edge/Safari, but not in IE.

You can check [*Can I Use* BigInt compatibility table](https://caniuse.com/bigint) to know which versions of a browser are supported.
```

Author: Perfect, simple is best, just do it.
This was my first time to have a pull request, thank you! XD

Author: Is this done?
Thank you, friend ~
